When pressing the view budget. There is a few problems within this function. First function it is not displaying how much is spent etc. can you see the 4 boxes in the 2nd photo. It is now showing the stats. When the users has inoputted them in the expense function. That’s number 1. Second the graph for the budget vs actual is not showing. This may be because when setting the budget in the financial position button the 4th button shown in second photo, whenever i input the budget it says it saves and then just doesnt show it, shown in 4th photo. Can you see that? It needs to show the budget vs actual data. 3 rdly can you see the emotions button in the second photo when I got to that to shows what the 5th photo is showing, it os not tracking or showing the emotions even when the user inputs the emotions. It just isn’t dhoing it needs to show. Next the last button when you go to financial position, it shows the budget and it also shows the savings tree. The savings tree reset button isn’t working, it needs to work. Also when users add their savings as shown in the 7th photo, the financial goals progress. It needs to show the goal, that the user has inputted which means there should be one savings tree and the user should be able to add on savings to the saving tee and take of savings from it, the app should automatically take savings away from savings tree when the user adds money towards the goal. So this leads to me the goal malfunction. In the first photo the 4th box shows the goal function when I the user presses the goal function I am led to the 8th photo. First off I did not add the two test goals. So there shoudl be something there to remove violas. Secondly when trying to add goals as shown in 9th photo, it wont show it wont add that goal. It just wont add it. Fo you understand these problems? I have told this multiple times to the replit agent and the same are persistent problems that isn’t able to fix. So should I do it manually with your help or should I message again. Also do you understand what I’m sating if you don’t I can explain some of the problems better if you want